Major changes since the 1.1 series:

* Our pkg-config support now includes variables that directly map to where
  the various hooks should be installed.  This should make it easier for
  other packages to install hooks in a portable fashion.

* 90clock no longer runs by default.  It added over a second to suspend,
  and the vast majority of hardware does not need it to keep the clocks
  in sync.  If a user needs this hook, they can set the NEED_CLOCK_SYNC
  environment variable.

  If pm-utils@lists.freedesktop.org does not get any reports of systems
  that require this hook to keep their clocks synced, it will be removed
  in a future release.

* 50ntpd has been removed.  It was very ad-hoc to begin with, and there
  has never been a guarantee that restarting ntpd would force it to resync
  the clocks, or that the system would even find a network after coming out
  of suspend.  The ntpd daemon itself is robust in the face of interfaces
  going away and reappearing, so there is no reason to restart it on account
  of the network interfaces changing -- ntpd will keep the clock updated over
  any available interface according to its own schedule.

  If you just want to update the time whenever the network comes back without
  running ntpd continually, utilize NetworkManager dispatch scripts (or your
  network infrastructure equivalent) to do so whenever the Internet comes up.

* 65alsa has been removed. According to the ALSA dev team, all drivers that
  have power management support will save and restore their state correctly
  across a suspend or hibernate, and drivers that don't have power management
  support need to have their state saved, then unloaded before suspend, 
  reloaded on wakeup, and then have their state restored.

  The best way to take care of this would be to use the standard pm-utils 
  mechanisms for loading and unloading modules, and then arrange for modprobe
  and/or udev to save and restore alsa state when unloading or loading alsa
  modules.

* 55battery has been removed.  This hook was in place to work around a HAL
  issue with rescanning battery status on resume, but HAL implemented a fix
  for this issue in 2006.  

* We always set the acpi video flags to the values indicated by HAL.  If HAL
  does not indicate that a specific set of acpi video flags are needed, we
  always set it to 0.  As a consequence, the acpi video flags passed to the
  kernel at boot time are ignored. If you rely on this functionality and HAL
  does not have the appropriate quirks for your system, we strongly recommend
  that you create a .fdi file that has the appropriate quirks for your system
  by passing the appropriate quirks to pm-suspend along with the 
  --save-quirks-as-fdi parameter.  This will create a .fdi file that you can
  then use locally (after restarting HAL) and submit for inclusion to hal-info
  so that other users with your hardware config can benifit from your actions.

* Sleep backends are now stackable, and pm-utils will always fall back to
  kernel methods if nothing else will work on any given system.
  See pm/HOWTO.modules for more information.

* pm-utils now knows how to get the quirks from HAL, and includes functionality
  to save user-passed quirks in a .fdi file.  This makes it easier for users
  to generate and share quirks, and it makes debugging suspend/resume problems
  easier.

* We now have a recommended hook ordering convention.  See pm/HOWTO.hooks for
  more information.  All pm-utils supplied hooks have been renamed to conform
  to this hook ordering.


